Update hardware-buy-back-policy.md (#1483)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/workplace/it/hardware-buy-back-policy.md

# Hardware Retention & Buyout Policy

Mattermost provides staff members with the opportunity to retain or purchase their company-issued hardware (laptops, desktops, phones, tablets, etc.) during a scheduled refresh or upon offboarding.<img width="468" height="80" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8870b5ab-2af3-46f3-8c21-84615e0577a2" />

## Eligibility & Pricing

Hardware value is determined by the length of the staff member's tenure at the time of the request:

> •	Tenure of 1+ Year: Staff members offboarding after at least one full calendar year of service may keep their primary device at no cost.

Reviewer: 1 year from the date of starting at the company, or 1 year from the date of receiving the hardware in question?

> •	Tenure of 1+ Year: Staff members offboarding after at least one full calendar year of service may keep their primary device at no cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
•	Tenure of 1+ Year: Staff members offboarding after at least 1 full calendar year of service (and receipt of new equipment) may keep their primary device at no cost.
```
